[Music]
some 115 not unto us or Lord not unto us
but to your name give glory because of
your mercy because of your truth why
should the Gentiles say so where is
their God but our God is in heaven he
does whatever he pleases their idols are
silver and gold the work of men's hands
they have mouths but they do not speak
eyes they have but they do not see they
have ears but they do not hear noses
they have but they do not smell they
have hands but they do not handle feet
they have but they do not walk nor do
they mutter through their throat those
who make them are like them so is
everyone who trusts in them o Israel
trust in the Lord he is their help in
their Shield o house of Aaron trust in
the Lord
he is their help in their Shield you who
fear the Lord trust in the Lord he is
the help and their shield the Lord has
been mindful of us he will bless us he
will bless the house of Israel he will
bless the house of Aaron he will bless
those who fear the Lord both small and
great may the Lord give you increase
more and more you and your children may
you be blessed by the Lord who made
heaven on earth the heaven even the
heavens are the Lords of the earth he
has given to the children of
the dead do not praise the Lord nor any
who go down into silence but we will
bless the Lord from this time forth and
forevermore
praise the Lord
[Music]
you